My patient is interested in lifestyle interventions for a major depressive episode of mild severity that does not have a seasonal pattern. What is the first line recommendation?
My patient has a major depressive episode with seasonal pattern and would like to try lifestyle interventions first. Other than exercise, what is a first line option for them?
My patient has a major depressive episode with somatic symptoms of pain, what would be the first choice medication for them?
My patient has a major depressive episode with somatic symptoms of fatigue, what would be the first choice medication for them?
My patient with a major depressive episode of mild severity would like to try psychotherapy. What are the first-line options?
My patient with a major depressive episode of mild severity is interested in complementary and alternative medicine options. What would be the most appropriate option to present?
My patient is presenting with a mild severity major depressive episode. All other things being equal and accessible, what does CANMAT recommend for treatment?
My patient's depression has not responded to the medication dose I started them on a four weeks ago.  What should I do next?
My patient's depression has not responded to the SSRI medication I started them on, even after I optimized and increased the dose up to where they could still tolerate the side effects. I haven't tried anything else yet. What should I do now?
My patient's depression has not responded to the SSRI medication I started them on, even after I optimized and increased the dose up to where they could still tolerate the side effects. They are not interested in psychotherapy. What should I do now?
My patient's depression achieved a partial response to the SSRI medication I started them on, but the improvements have been less than hoped. They are not experiencing any side effects from the SSRI. What should I do?
My patient's severe major depressive episode did not respond to an SSRI, and did not respond to SNRI after switching to it. I tried adding adjunctive pharmacotherapy as well but it did not work. What should I do now?
I am about to start my patient on an antidepressant, but I am worried about their likelihood to adhere to medications, and they have abruptly stopped in the past. What medications have the highest risk of antidepressant discontinuation syndrome? 
I am about to start my patient on an antidepressant, but I am worried about their likelihood to adhere to medications, and they have abruptly stopped in the past. What medications available in Canada have the lowest risk of antidepressant discontinuation syndrome? 
My patient who I have been treating on antidepressant medication is no longer feeling any of their depressive symptoms. How long should they be on maintenance treatment for?
My patient has had recurrent depressive episodes, and has now once again had their symptoms relieved by the medications I've prescribed. They want longer-lasting benefits and want help with preventing recurrent episodes in the future. What should can I offer them?
I am about to start my patient on citalopram. Is there any monitoring or investigations I should order for them based on the guidelines?
My patient with a moderate severity major depressive episode would like to start a first-line SSRI, but wants to minimize their chances of sexual side effects. What is the best option for them?
My patient with a moderate severity major depressive episode would like to start a first-line SNRI, but wants to minimize their chances of sexual side effects. What is the best option for them?
My patient with a moderate severity major depressive episode has tried an SSRI, without good effect, and now wants to try an SNRI. Their top priority is efficacy, and they are not concerned about any specific side effects. What's the best option for them?
When were the latest CANMAT depression guidelines released?
What type of patient can this app help me treat?
What evidence are the CANMAT depression guidelines based on?
What evidence are the recommendation in this app based on?
Whar do the levels of evidence correspond to? 
What are r isk factors for depression?
Should a patient on an antidepressant also see a therapist?
I have a patient who often struggles with constipation Would paroxetine be  a good antidepressant to try first?
My patient wants to use an AI app for thier depression, is this safe? 
How do I know if an antidepressant is working?
When a patient is better, how long should they continue their antidepressant for?
My patient has not responded to escitalopram at 10 mg, what should I do next? 
I am considering referring my patient to ECT for their depression. Would I need to stop their medications?